Update storage-options.md (#4654)
MicrosoftDocs/architecture-center: docs/guide/technology-choices/storage-options.md

| [Azure NetApp Files](/azure/azure-netapp-files/azure-netapp-files-introduction) | The Azure NetApp Files service is an enterprise-class, high-performance, metered file storage service. Azure NetApp Files supports any workload type and is highly available by default. You can select service and performance levels and set up snapshots through the service. |
| [Azure Container Storage](/azure/storage/container-storage/container-storage-introduction) | Azure Container Storage is a fully managed, cloud-based volume management, deployment, and orchestration service built natively for containers. It integrates with Kubernetes, allowing you to dynamically and automatically provision persistent volumes to store data for stateful applications running on Kubernetes clusters. |
| [Azure Managed Lustre](/azure/azure-managed-lustre/amlfs-overview) | A high-performance distributed parallel file system solution, ideal for HPC workloads that require high throughput and low latency. |

> | [Azure Data Box](/azure/databox/) | Azure Data Box is a collection of on-premises network devices that allows for offline data transfer into and out of Azure when time, network availabilty, or cost are limiting factors. Depending on your data size, you can choose from Data Box Disk, Data Box, or Data Box Heavy. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Azure Data Box](/azure/databox/) | Azure Data Box is a solution that allows for offline, bulk data transfer into and out of Azure using a physical storage appliance. It's used time, network availability, or cost are limiting factors the preclude network-based data transfer. |
```
